Prom could be very exciting for a senior but its very disappointing when everything goes wrong. Last year around this time one of my friends invited me to her prom. Back then I was a junior and i was excited that I was going to prom but not as much as her because it was her prom. Thinking about me going as a junior made me feel awkward because I didn't know any one that was going to be there, she when to a different school. The day came and I wasn't feeling like going but I had to do it for her, she needed someone to go with her. We had made an appointment with a photographer that was going t o take our prom pictures, and she had done some appointments for her hair and makeup. It was around four pm when she called me telling me that the lady that was going to do her hair and makeup canceled on her. She was very mad saying "I'm going to kill her" many times. I felt bad for her it was her special day and she was ready to graduate with honors and her family was very proud of her and everything was going wrong. I told her  "do it her self " I said " its impossible to find someone this late" I told her. she responded angry " I'm going to find someone, I have to"she said. Up to the moment everything was going wrong it was almost 6 and I had lost my tie, I had no way of finding it. I though of giving up and no go, and then she called me again and told me that she found some one to do her hair and makeup. It was a lady that owned a Beauty Salon two blocks from her house. Around 7 I has found my tie I had left it in my moms car after picking up my tuxedo. Around 7:30 we were ready to take off to the appointment with the photographer for the pictures. We were late the photographer said that he had many appointment at the moment and he didn't have time for us, we had the right to deny us our appointment after all we were one our late for it. Me and my friend Brianda ended up taking our prom picture at the Montclair Plaza. prom had started at 8 and by that time were still in the mall, and prom was far it would take us about 45 minutes to get to prom and about an hour in traffic. We arrived around 9 and we felt bad because we had mist an hour of prom and it only lasted 4 ours so we only had 3 hours left. We decided to not take pictures in prom because that line was long and we had lost time already. The moment of choosing prom king and queen came my friends dates cousin was running for prom king and he didn't win my date and  her cousin were disappointed. After prom we took of to the beach and planned to have the best time ever. Only 10 minutes had past when we got to the beach and we got kicked out by the police telling us that it was not safe at that time. After getting kicked out of the beach we went to Denny's and we ended up living like 5 minutes after we had arrived because my dates cousin ended up getting in a fight in Denny's with some other guy prom hid same school. I left home thinking of how bad everything went and regretting going to prom. Thia year is my senior year I'm planing to go to prom with one of my friends and im scared that is all going to end up the same way as last year.