AHHHHH Prom was really good. I enjoyed it a lot, i really thought it would be dead boring because i didn't feel the 'vibe' when we were preparing for it. Yes we had it in school in the MPR room which was tiny. But hey we managed to fit in 10 tables and it was allright after all. The dancing part was the best, i couldn't stop dancing! Pooof it was very tiringg :D The decoration was very purdy but most of us felt it got a bit TOO much. The theme was underwater, so obviously everything is going to be blue and green!Btw i got like about 142 pictures in my camera, bloody hell! camera and flashes were EVERYWHERE at that night. If you have me on Face Book you would've known i've made 2 album filled with prom pictures. All in all they almost look exactly like the others. Enough talking, i'll spam you guys with pictures!   LADIEEESS :D From left to right: Marrianne, Cathy, Me, Roza, Intan, Ririz, Karin, Tash This was the view. The helium balloons were so pretty! BOOOM! Floating heads Hahhaha god what's with everyone's eyes in this picture ... well except mine :P GRAHA! Yes he is our prom king this tear. No i'm not lying! I swear he's such an ass ('scuse me hahahah), he made everyone believed that he had to leave forever to Indonesia on the prom night and when he suddenly came in LATE to the room, we were all like 'WHOOOAT! he didn't leave!' MISS MURPHYYYY! Yes my lovely form tutor. Man she was so cool, she danced with us..especially Jeihan (the guy next to her) :P and we all sang \"Justin Timberlake - What goes around comes around\" with her. Okay i don't know the whole word to it but she does! Hahah yeah we all told them to take their shirt off, and then people start hiding their shirts while their busy dancing. That was hilarious! This was after prom, it ended around 12. we all went to the cricket pitch because we have no where else to go. No we didn't have an after party, we're good kids :P saying my dad's name 'TAAAAMMMMMMMPOOOOO' Look at vicki's face!! PRICELESS. What made that night even better was finding out that SPAINNNNNNNNNN ARE IN THE FINALS BABY!!!! Me and Tasha got texts from our friends saying that spain won... while were still at the Prom. You should've seen us screaming and gotten really hyper. madnessss! We were both oh so happpppy :D:D:D::D The next day i watched teh replay of the match. Oh my god the second half was amazing. Cesc was like THE MAN of the match. The commentators couldn't stop praising him and saying how much they wanted to see Spain wins. I'm super duper nervous about the finals. Omg i can feel butterflies in me tummy now. The Germans are strong!! We'll see on Sunday! can't wait :D