As many of you know, this week was the week my son and I were supposed to go to Washington DC.  Instead we ended up spending a day at Kings Island because his DC trip had been “taken away” due to poor behavior choices. I was really afraid I would regret my decision to cancel the trip, however I don’t regret it at all.. and here’s why - Chaston’s behavior has changed 2-fold since our discussion regarding the cancellation of the trip to DC, and I’m so happy about that. Because he has still been a very good boy this summer, I opted to take him to Kings Island (his first visit to a theme park) and we had a great time. It was so nice to spend the day with my little man .. just me and him.  I usually have Bekah all the time so I rarely get time with just him.  On top of that, my friend Lindsey and her kiddos Emma + Ethan joined us which made the day SO MUCH FUN!! The day started by checking and double checking the fact that we had our handy little credit card looking tickets in hand before our departure!     We finally arrived in Mason, Ohio and opted to pay for Premier Parking (extra $5) instead of just regular parking.  We were both SO thankful that we did that because our car was in the 3rd row, 3rd spot.  Literally juuuust outside the front gates.  Lindsey and I made the executive decision to start the day with White Water Canyon…. one of my personal favorite rides of all time.  Why?  I have no clue, i just really enjoy that ride … and have since i was Chaston’s age. I wasn’t sure how Chas would react to all the different BIG rides, since he’s really only been to local carnivals.  He was very timid at first, even about White Water Canyon, but much to his dismay, I made him get on it anyway.  I knew if i gave in on the first ride, he’d never want to ride anything. So we hopped in the little raft….   ..and headed down the stream. The first time we hit the side and got splashed he was SOLD!!!  We were soaking wet, he was laughing and all of a sudden Ethan got PLOWED with water.  Chaston loved it!  By the time the ride was over, he was ready to ride it again… so we did!! After that, we headed to Wild Thornberry’s (the old LOG RIDE) where 5 of you ride in 1 log down the hill.  He was a littttttle timid about that too, but hopped right in and away we went! We were SOAKED after that ride too, and I think Lindsey and I made a good decision getting soaked on the first two rides because he was SOLLLLD and having so much fun!     The boys ended up finding a little water-maze that they wanted to get even more soaked in…. Boys are so silly!   …and just as they had planned … they were drenched     We had an amazingly delicious lunch of Pizza and Breadsticks at La Rosa’s (my personal faveeee!) and then headed to “Scooby’s Haunted Mansion”.  If you visited Kings Island circa 1988 … you would know Scooby’s Mansion as Hanna Barbara Land (the little air conditioned building where you ride in a boat).  Now … it’s a haunted mansion where you ride in a little car shooting bullseyes. The boys were noticeably scared before riding in the Scooby-mobile..     ….on the way to Chaston’s First Rollercoaster Ride… we ran into Wanda from Fairly Odd Parents. I know you’re jealous.   God love Chaston. He was so brave to ride this rollercoaster and subsequently HATED IT. It hangs from above like Top Gun does… but it’s a little less extreme.  Still a bit scary, even for me - who hasnt’ been on a roller coaster in over 10 years. I was so proud of him for being brave and trying it out.   Lindsey suggested that we try out the Stunt Coaster… which looked like fun! You ride in a little mini-cooper car around a track that resembles doing “stunts” on a backlot track. Chaston was FREAKED OUT. He was crying before we even got on.  I told him before we got in the car that he didn’t have to go if he didn’t want to.  He said he’d try it.     The minute we took off, I KNEW we were in BIG TROUBLE.  He was FREAKED OUT. …and I mean FREAKED OUT. I felt so incredibly bad for him!  Lindsey did too, she didn’t remember it being so fast and obnoxious.  At one point, you stop in front of some cop cars and a fire explodes and a helicopter is flying over and then you take back off really fast curling down a dark tunnel for what seems like forever, the whole time my firstborn is crying and i’m trying to hold him while riding this damn coaster myself!!! FINALLLLY the ride is over and he was as white as a ghost. I look into the car behind me, and Lindsey is lookin’ pretty scared too! We looked at the board at the end of the ride to see what it was rated and it was rated a 5 (which is the same as the vortex, beast, etc).  I felt so bad for Chaston!!! So i rewarded him with a $65 cup of Dippin-dots.   A little later, we decided to split up for a bit so her kids could ride some of the bigger coasters (i wasn’t  going to traumatize my little man anymore at this point!) So we headed to the airbrush T-shirt booth to get him a shirt with his name on it. I know, they’re really cheesy - buttttt I always got them when i was a kid and still have a couple from being his age, and I remember thinking they were SO COOL… how could I take that away from my own child? So i let him spend some of his money on an airbrush T-shirt. What design?  He decided he wanted his name with flames behind it. Done deal.  So we ordered it and then headed to have dinner while they were making it. We got back just in time for him to see them finishing his shirt! ..and he was SO excited!     He wanted to get soaked again, so we headed to Congo Falls (the huge log ride) and rode it once .. .barely getting wet.  So we opted to stand on “the bridge” 3 friggen times and got SOAKED. But my kiddo loved it - a happy kid - what more could i ask for?!     At some point in the day we visited the Eiffel Tower       We headed to the water park for 3+ hours riding tons of water slides and having an overall GREAT TIME. But no pictures… we left the cameras in the locker. Later, we headed to the 3-D adventures theater where we got to be part of a Spongebob Cartoon Episode in a theatre where we wore the COOLEST 3-d Shades   After a really lonnnnng day - Lindsey and I were feeling about 45 years old and bribed the kids to head out an hour early. We were so tired! We finished up the day taking a few final pictures to remember the day.     … jumped in the car and headed home. Lindsey and I bonded through conversation, which i thoroughly enjoyed.  The combination of good company + awesome conversation + no talking in the backseat … equalled a great close to an awesome day.   I am so thankful for the safe trip we had to Kings Island. I’m thankful for the one-on-one time with the sweetest boy. …and the coolest little kiddos (Emma and Ethan) …and my totally awesome friend Lindsey! I’m thankful for the fact that things always work out for a reason and instead of the big trip to DC, we got to enjoy a low-key trip to Kings Island and I was able to take Chas to his very first Theme Park! He told me several times how much fun he was having, hugged me all day long and smiled like I’ve never seen before. I would trade a million dollars to see my little boy happy like he was at Kings Island. I feel so blessed.