Most performers would be thrilled to be sought for a featured role in one of the longest-running musicals of all time. But when Sally Struthers was approached about a role in the new revival of the '50s rock 'n' roll high school show, Grease!, she was kind of offended. At 46, she knew she was sort of long in the tooth to play a student, even though she identified most closely with goody-goody ingenue Sandy Dumbrowski. Still, she was not prepared to be thought of as the crabby disciplinarian teacher, Miss Lynch. Or as the students of Rydell High call her -- Old Lady Lynch. Wooed by a phone call from Tommy Tune, the show's creative consultant, Struthers flew to New York from her California home to take a look at the production and the role. After seeing the Broadway edition of Grease!, she rushed back to her hotel room and phoned her best friend. As she recalls, she was close to tears, wondering aloud, ``Have I gotten so old? He said I was the most perfect person for it, that I was the only person who came to mind. I'm insulted.'' Still, her friend encouraged her to audition for the part anyway and that is how she has come to be at the Kravis Center this week, playing Miss Lynch, through Sunday. When Grease! first hit Broadway in 1972, Struthers did not even notice. She was too busy creating a sensation of her own in the role she will probably always be closely associated with -- Archie Bunker's daughter Gloria Stivic in television's All in the Family. So her first encounter with Danny Zuko, Betty Rizzo, the Pink Ladies and the rest of the Grease! gang was the 1978 John Travolta-Olivia Newton-John movie version. ``Oh, I thought it was absolutely darling,'' Struthers remembers. ``And I was just uninformed enough to not realize it had come from a stage play.'' Born and raised in Portland, Ore., Struthers went to high school in the early 1960s and has memories of those days that might make a pretty good musical. -- The senior prom -- ``Oh, it was horrendous. The president of the senior class, Michael Goldberg, invited me to go to the prom. He wanted to take me to this restaurant in Vancouver, Wash., which is right across the river from Portland. Well, he didn't want to pay the toll on the bridge. So he parked on the Portland side and made me stand in the gravel in the rain in my dyed-to-match shoes, waiting for some other prom couple that we were going to dine with to drive across the bridge. ``Then he informed me what I was going to have for dinner, which was the cheapest thing on the menu. I believe it was trout, of which we had many from the Columbia River. It came with its head and tail on. Well, I don't eat anything that's staring up off the plate at me. So that was a bad start. ``Then we got to the prom and everyone went to the swing in the corner that was festooned with flowers up the ropes. The photographer was set up there and you pay five bucks and you have your picture taken. Well, he wouldn't pay for that either. I don't even have a picture from my prom.'' And where is Michael Goldberg today, Sally? ``Who cares?'' she says with amused indifference. ``I have no idea.'' -- Drive-in movies -- ``Oh, I never went with a boy. I used to go with my girlfriends. My most vivid memory was of the night we drove around until we found two carloads of boys and we pulled in between. It was a two-movie night, so we spent the entire first movie flirting with the boys and getting them all hot and lathered. ``At intermission, we all climbed out of the car to go over to the popcorn stand and meet and greet. Unbeknownst to the boys, we had put pillows under all of our tops. We looked like four unwed mothers. We waddled over to the popcorn stand, we waddled back and when we got back both carloads of boys were gone.'' -- Slumber parties -- ``We played pranks on one another. We put cellophane under the toilet seat. We would take girls' underwear, wet it and put it in the freezer. So that when they had to get up Sunday morning and go to church with their family, their underwear was frozen.'' Still, Struthers insists she was a ``goody two-shoes'' in high school. ``I was president of the girls' league. I was a cheerleader. I was on the honor roll,'' she says. She sounds like the sort that no one liked. Struthers listens to the description and is ready with a snappy comeback. ``Nobody except for my friends,'' she laughs. Nor did she have teachers like Miss Lynch. ``But I've heard so many kids that went to parochial school talk about the nuns -- the nasty nuns with the rulers and so forth -- that it doesn't take much stretch of the imagination to create her. It's just ironic that I'm playing her. If you continue along, all of a sudden you're old enough to play Old Lady Lynch.'' And fragile like Old Lady Lynch. In Chicago at Christmas time, Struthers tore a calf muscle and had her leg in a cast for a month, which impeded her stage movement considerably. Thanks to physical therapy, she is back doing the Hand Jive in the show's prom scene as well as dancing in the finale. But, she is quick to point out, ``Miss Lynch is basically there for comic relief.'' As to her favorite moment in Grease!, Struthers enjoys her first entrance most. ``I enter from the back of the theater. I come down through the audience blowing my whistle and telling people to spit out their gum and be quiet and sit down. Chastising everyone. It's just wonderful.''