Daphne Moore wore a strapless blue cocktail dress to her senior prom, and she went with a boy. This time, she'll be the one in the tux, her girlfriend proudly on her arm. John Crotty said he and his date, Sal Martinez, were ``kind of going campy, like characters from John Waters films _ used-car-salesman-looking.'' They are among a few hundred young gay people who are gearing up _ tuxes, flowers, convertibles, the whole ritual _ for Northern California's first big prom for gay and lesbian youth, Friday night. The theme is a Parisian cafe _ with 30 trees, a fountain, espresso bar, pastries (no alcohol, though) _ plus a tiny Eiffel Tower on every table. ``I'm way excited,'' Crotty said. ``This is going to be better than Christmas.'' The Lambda Youth Group of Hayward, a counseling and support program for gay teens and young adults, is sponsoring the event. ``They want to have a safe prom where they're not going to be harassed, ostracized _ or fear it later,'' said Kris Hancock, who's supervising chaperones. ``They're at an age when it's important to have support systems, places to go. Gay and lesbian youth in large part don't have that.'' High school can be difficult for young gays, who know that the price of being honest about their sexual orientation can mean rejection, violence _ and sometimes suicide. Brian James Morris said Lambda saved his life by letting him know he wasn't alone. ``I tried to fit in as a homosexual youth in a heterosexual adult world and faced so many personal and emotional problems that suicide seemed the only reasonable alternative,'' Morris wrote to the local paper. Now, he's working on the prom _ and he'll be there whether he finds a date or not. ``You don't have to worry about being seen going to the prom with a date and getting beat up the next Monday,'' he said. Morris, Crotty and Moore (not her real name, at her request) finished high school three years ago. They all went to their proms, with members of the opposite sex. ``If someone brought a same-sex date, that would have put the whole prom into an uproar,'' said Crotty. He went to his prom with a female friend. This time will be different. Moore said she had gone to her prom with a gay boy, but spent the evening segregated in a corner with their tiny circle of gay friends. ``No one really talked to us,'' she said. ``It felt like we didn't belong.'' Two girls she knows went to their high school prom together _ and the photographer refused to take their picture. This time, Moore is wearing a tux and boutonniere, her girlfriend a dress and white rose corsage. They'll go out for dinner first. The prom has drawn some vocal opposition from anti-gay forces. Petitions signed by 158 people and submitted to the Hayward City Council alleged that ``recruiters and potential predators'' at the prom would lure naive and impressionable children into homosexuality. The council refused to bow to pressure to cut $13,000 in city funding for Lambda. None of the money is being spent on the prom. (STORY COULD END HERE. OPTIONAL MATERIAL FOLLOWS.) Partly as a result of unwanted publicity over the controversy, the prom has attracted a small army of adult volunteers, gay and straight, to help with decorations, refreshments, tickets and security. About 80 will be chaperones _ physicians, counselors, teachers, pastors and members of church groups, Parents and Friends of Lesbians and Gays and other community organizations, Hancock said. Security will be tight, according to Christine Orrey, a Hayward police officer and prom safety coordinator. Six Hayward police officers, a sergeant and about 20 off-duty law enforcement volunteers from all over the Bay Area ``will be serving as chaperones, directing cars, walking kids to and from cars if there are any protesters,'' Orrey said.