
Converted to PDF by SCREENTALK
FADE IN:


EXT. UNION STATION, WASHINGTON, D.C. DAY
We FOCUS on a taxi pulling up and stopping, The driver hands
out modest looking luggage, including a bunch of tennis
rackets in cases to a redcap. CAMERA PANS DOWN as the
passenger gets out of the taxi so that we see only his shoes
and the lower part of his trousers. He is wearing dark
colored brogues and a conservative suit apparently. The
feet move toward, the entrance to the station and out of
scene. Immediately a chauffeur-driven limousine drives up
and an expensive place of airplane luggage is handed out of
this, and the passenger alighting from the back is seen to
be wearing black and white sport shoes which, as before, are
all we see of him. The sport shoes start off in the wake of
the brogues.




DISSOLVE TO:


Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 2.



The legs belonging to the sport shoes stretch out, and one
of the shoes touches one of the brogues.

MAN'S VOICE (over scene)
Oh, excuse Me!

CAMERA PULLS BACK AND UP to SHOW two young men seated in two
parlor car chairs. BRUN0 ANTHONY, the wearer of the sport
shoes, is about twenty-five. He wears his expensive clothes
with the tweedy nonchalance of a young man who has always
had the best. The wearer of the brogues is a fine looking
but, at the moment, a somewhat troubled young man. This is
GUY HAINES. He, too, is in his middle twenties and is well
dressed because he can now afford to be. He nods politely,
acknowledging Bruno's apology, then turns away with the
gesture implying he wants privacy.

Guy nods with a polite half smile. Being a well known
tournament tennis player, he has had this sort of experience
before.

Guy acknowledges this with a modest nod and turns to his
magazine rolled up in is fist.

Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 3.



Not knowing how to answer this, Guy looks a little
embarrassed.

Bruno is inordinately pleased by this small tribute.

He has taken out a cigarette case. Holds it out to Guy.

Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 4.



He fumbles for a match. Guy brings out a lighter and hands
it to Bruno.





Bruno smiles with and signals a waiter.

Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 6.



The waiter has brought the drinks. Bruno slips the lighter
into hip pocket to free his hands for the bills which he
gives to the waiter, waving away the change. He offers a
glass to Guy. Guy takes it.

Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 7.



The waiter is hovering impatiently. Guy gives in out of
embarrassment.

Guy nods curtly.

DISSOLVE TO:

Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 8.



Guy smiles this off as nonsense.

Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 9.





Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 11.



Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 12.



He holds out his hand. Guy is in a hurry but he shakes hands.

Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 13.



Left alone, Bruno picks up Guy's lighter from the table,
starts to call Guy back to hand It to him.Then he looks closer
at the insignia of crossed tennis rackets.

DISSOLVE TO:



He loads them onto a truck.

DISSOLVE TO:


Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 14.




Guy walks straight to Miriam, just as she is finishing with
her woman customer, handing over a small package.

Miriam's face is pretty because it is still young. She is
self-centered and inclined to be vindictive. She wears
harlequin glasses with myopic lenses which tend to make her
eyes look small.

Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 15.



Guy follows Miriam across to the empty room. Miriam has
brought her purse along.

They enter.


Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 16.





A few people in the shop look around as Guy's voice rises
above the sound of the record playing.

Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 18.



Guy seizes her angrily and in so doing, knocks the tone arm
across the record with a loud screech. From outside we can
see heads turn. Mr. Hargreaves, the manager, is very
disturbed.


Mr. Hargreaves moves forward and opens Guy's tirade.

He starts to exit from the booth. Miriam grabs his arm and
screams at him:

Guy strides out of the store, the manager and a few customers
turning around in surprise.

Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 19.



The two customers in other booths, seeing the quarrel, open
their doors simultaneously and Miriam's tirade is climaxed
by a cacophony of noise, a big symphony, loud hot music, and
the apparently unaware piano tuner.



Another pause, very long. Guy is very restless. He digs a
cigarette out of his pocket and sticks it in his mouth, then
looks through his pockets for his lighter, doesn't find it.
He looks puzzled, but about that time the operator speaks to
him.

Guy picks coins up off the shelf and drops them into the
telephone, then waits. He shifts the receiver and fumbles
in his other jacket pocket, then turns to the phone.

Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 20.




Meantime the noise of a through train has been HEARD, and
the horn on a streamliner locomotive. It has come up very
fast, it is now almost to the station. Guy rises his voice
and yells into the telephone. His voice fights the roar of
the train:

The expression on his face is frenzied and suggesting that
he means exactly what he is saying.

DISSOLVE TO:

Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 21.



CAMERA PULLS BACK to reveal that these are Bruno's hands,
and that, he is studying them moodily, CAMERA PULLS BACK
FARTHER to reveal his mother, MRS. ANTHONY, sitting opposite
him at a little table in the Anthony living room. She is
working with scissors, file and nail buffer. Mrs. Anthony
is a gentle, once pretty woman, whose pastel exterior harbors
a tigress-like determination to protect her son, Bruno is in
his robe and is unshaven.
There is evidence of long established wealth in the heavy
dark appointments of this room.

Mrs. Anthony looks up, notices his moody expression.

Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 22.



He denies this with a slow, solemn shake of his head.

Bruno's fist crashes down on the little table, upsetting it,
as he gets to his feet.

They look at the painting.

Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 23.




At this moment there is the sound of the front door opening.
Then immediately the telephone bell rings in the hall. Bruno
is instantly alert, as if he had been expecting a call. He
goes toward the door to the hall, as the butler enters.

Bruno's father MR. ANTHONY, purposefully enters the living
room. He an impeccably dressed business man with an
uncompromising eye. His entrance momentarily blocks Bruno's
exit.

Bruno now exits into the hall, passing his father without
speaking.

Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 24.



CAMERA MOVES IN TO A BIG HEAD CLOSEUP OF BRUNO at the
telephone as the Voices of his mother and father can be heard
from the other room.
Bruno gives a look in his father's direction, before he speaks
into the telephone in a low voice.


Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 25.



The voices of Mr. and Mrs. Anthony can still be heard in
dispute as Bruno listens at phone:

Bruno gives a significant look in direction of the living
room as he speaks into the phone.
The phone clicks in Bruno's ear. He looks hurt for an
instant, then replaces the receiver. Bruno listens to his
father off scene and his expression becomes more enigmatic.

Bruno looks off in direction of his farther's voice with an
expression which says, "Crow while you can, you haven't
much time." He reaches into his pocket, brings out Guy's
cigarette lighter and as he flicks it on and off.

DISSOLVE TO:


Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 26.




Joyce, Miriam Haines. 2420 Metcalf Avenue.





Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 27.



The neighbor passes on.





Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 28.







DISSOLVE TO:




Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 29.










Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 30.











Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 31.







Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 32.








LAP DISSOLVE TO:


We see Miriam and her companions approach the boat concession
and CAMERA FOLLOWS THEM onto the little landing stage. CAMERA
MOVES UP SLOWLY over the boy's shoulders until we get MIRIAM
IN CLOSE UP. She glances back. Her expression changes to a
coy smile of satisfaction as she sees:

Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 33.




Bruno steps into the foreground and gets into the next boat
which floats alongside. He, too, moves away into the
darkness.

After a brief moment Bruno's boat comes into the picture,
and it, too, goes into the tunnel.


The silhouette of Bruno in his boat, lit by the tunnel
entrance, gradually approaches the other three. When the
silhouettes are almost touching, we --

CUT TO:


Their boat moves out of the picture, toward the island.
Presently Bruno's boat comes smilingly following and he,
too, moves on out of the picture.

Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 34.



Again Bruno's boat comes into the picture. He steps out,
lift the prow of the boat a little onto the shore.


She backs away from him and the boys go on picture. Miriam
goes in another direction, around, the bushes. George
obviously misses her, for we hear his voice call out:

Miriam backs out of the bushes until the back of her head is
in CLOSEUP in the foreground of the shot. Suddenly she hears
steps in back of her and turns her head toward CAMERA. Her
face changes as she recognizes someone offscene.

She gives a coy smile of recognition. CAMERA PULLS BACK to
reveal the mad and shoulders of Bruno between Miriam and the
camera. His hand holds Guy's lighter which he flicks on as
he raises it above Miriam's face. 0f Bruno, we see only the
back of his head and shoulders.

Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 35.



We see Bruno's gloved hands dart quickly to Miriam's throat.
The lighter falls down out of picture, and as Bruno's hands
grip her throat, his head moves slightly to blot out Miriam's
face. His head moves a bit farther until Miriam's face is
nearly uncovered at the other side of the screen, and we see
her glasses fall off.




Bruno's hand comes into the picture and picks up the glasses.
One of the lenses has been broken by Miriam's fall.

As we see Bruno's sport shoes move away, the CAMERA MOVES
PAST MIRIAM'S HEAD until it comes to Guy's lighter pressed
into the earth.




Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 36.



Miriam's companions are still searching for her. We hear
their faint voices in the distance.




More shouts from the island cause the people at the landing
stage to look back. The boatman's attention is also
attracted. Suddenly, as Bruno is getting out of boat, there
is a loud scream from the island.

Bruno by this time has stopped onto the landing stage, and
in company with the other people, is looking back as if to
see what's wrong on the island. Then he moves away, starting
off of the landing stage. The boatman turns and glances at
Bruno, but quickly returns his attention to the disturbance
across on the island. He hurries forward and with a couple
of men passengers jumps into one of the boats. He calls to
his assistant as he gets into the boat.

Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 37.



The assistant runs off out of the pictures


Once on the other side of the road, the blind man utters his
thanks.

He goes off.

Bruno looks back toward the park, then glances down at his
wristwatch.


LAP DISSOLVE TO:


Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 38.





Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 39.



Again he bursts into loud song.

LAP DISSOLVE TO:


LONG SHOT WASHINGTON EXTERIOR ABOUT 1 A.M. MOONLIGHT

A solitary taxi is seen driving past the Capitol Building.

LAP DISSOLVE TO:
The taxi comes to a side street and stops outside a small
apartment house.



Guy turns his head and looks across the street.



Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 40.





Guy stands without answering.

Bruno's hand comes out of his pocket and he hands Miriam's
glasses to Guy.


Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 41.






Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 42.



Guy suddenly starts to go. Bruno grabs his arm.

Guy turns back slowly and faces him.

Guy makes a move to leave, but Bruno holds on tight.

Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 43.



At this moment both turn at a sound across the street.


Guy still stares across the street.





Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 44.



Bruno for a moment looks menacingly at Guy.

Bruno's flare of anger dies. They both look again across
the street.


Guy's telephone is still ringing.


Guy looks at him, almost numb.

Guy turns and starts to move in across the street.


Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 45.



Guy turns at the door to his apartment building.

Guy opens his door, turns on Bruno.

He goes in and slams the door in Bruno's face.

He realizes there is no use in trying to talk to Guy any
further. He turns and faces the CAMERA IN CLOSE UP as he
moves away, looking sad almost to the point of tears.




He hangs up but keeps his hand on the telephone, deliberating.
He starts to dial, then suddenly hangs up and starts out.

DISSOLVE TO:

EXT. A RESIDENTIAL STREET, WASHINGTON LONG SHOT NIGHT

A taxi drives up and stops in front of a handsome residence.
It is the Burton home. Guy gets out of the taxi and goes up
the steps.


Anne draws back and looks into his face as if searching for
an answer to some question in her mind.

Guy takes her hand from hIs face, caresses it with his lips.

Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 47.



Father wants to see you.





Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 48.



Barbara has been squirming in her seat, then as if jet
propelled she catapults out of it and runs to Guy, giving
him a big hug and a smack on the cheek.

Subdued, she sits down. But Guy remains standing.

Guy stares woodenly at the Senator, is if hypnotized.

The full impact of what has happened hits Guy once more.

Slowly Guy's eyes meet hers. They are remembering what he
said on the phone: "I could strangle her." He sinks into a
chair. The Senator is quite distressed.

During the following scene Barbara quietly goes about the
business of pouring drinks and serving them. She knows
everyone's preference.

Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 49.



Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 50.



The Senator's expression says: "Well, that's not too bad."


Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 51.



Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 52.





Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 53.



The Senator gives her a gentle but firm push out of sight.

Barbara pokes her head quickly around the door.


Anne quickly puts her fingers over his mouth.

DISSOLVE TO:


LAP DISSOLVE TO:

Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 54.




One of the policemen gestures to a door at the right. Guy
crosses and enters.


Guy enters, crosses to the sergeant at the desk.

He rises and goes into an adjoining room.



Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 55.









Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 56.



Turley signals to Campbell to call the professor in.



Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 57.



The professor studies Guy for a moment, then awkwardly turns
to Turley.




Turley and Campbell are watching closely.

Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 58.



DISSOLVE TO:




Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 60.



He crosses to the window, lifts the curtain slightly, then
turns back to the others.

The group move to look out the window, the senator with
reluctance.


Nobody bothers to answer her. The Senator is disturbed, but
confident of his own prestige as he goes back to his coffee.

Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 61.



The Senator's cup is suddenly back on its saucer and he is
on his feet, pacing nervously.
Guy has been looking at Anne and is concerned at the worry
on her face. He nods in assent to the Senator's suggestion,
but puts his hand over Anne's.

The are crestfallen again. RANDALL, the manservant, has
entered with the telephone.

Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 62.



The phone is plugged in to a connection and Guy crosses the
room and picks up the receiver. The Burtons watch him.



His embarrassment grows as Anne looks at him with a puzzled
expression.

FADE OUT.


Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 63.



He turns to light a cigarette. As he does, Guy gives a barely
perceptible start at what he sees offscene.



Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 64.



He hails a taxi which is cruising by, and they start to get
in. Guy directs the driver.


DISSOLVE TO:



Dear Guy:
We have to meet and make plans.
Call me at Arlington ----.
Time's getting short.
Bruno


The handwriting is sprawling and erratic, embellished with
conceited flourishes.

Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 65.



Guy looks off for a moment with set face, then tearing the
note into shreds, crosses to a small desk, lights a match
and holds it to the fragments, letting them burn and fall
into an ash tray.

DISSOLVE TO:

LAP DISSOLVE TO:


Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 66.



Anne looks it him, surprised at his lack of enthusiasm.
They walk on out of the picture.

A figure steps out from behind a pillar in the main hall of
the gallery, near the spot from which they have disappeared.
It is Bruno. He calls.

Anne stops and looks back. Guy knows who it is and would
not turn but that he is forced to by Anne's action. He takes
a few steps towards Bruno.





Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 67.



He leaves Bruno abruptly to rejoin Anne. Bruno looks after
him, a little hurt.


Anne looks at him a little oddly. He seems unduly concerned
about a casual stranger.


FADE OUT.

Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 68.



As Guy is opening the envelope, Barbara speaks to him from
atop a library ladder. She is getting a book from one of
the top shelves of a bookcase, which is next to a window.
As Guy's hands unfold the paper and hold it for moment, we
see that it is a diagrammed plan of the grounds and the
Interior of the Anthony house. There are dotted lines along
the upper hall, with an arrow which points to one room and
where Bruno has indicated in his handwriting, "My father's
room." Over this we hear the voices of Barbara and the
secretary:

Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 69.





FADE OUT.





Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 70.






At this moment, we hear the umpire calling, "Game, set and
match" to the winning mixed doubles pair.





Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 71.



Guy shakes off his abstraction and poises himself to receive
the ball.

LAP DISSOLVE TO:






Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 72.








Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 73.



He turn his head and CAMERA PANS him to Barbara, who is
standing a few steps from the table beckoning to him.




Barbara steps toward the table.


Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 74.



They looks up.



From Bruno's viewpoint, as Barbara speaks,CAMERA MOVES IN
CLOSER until to faintest impression of the merry-go-round
fills the screen with the effect of whirling around Barbara's
head. Her glasses seem to glint until her eyes are
obliterated by the glare.


All talk dies out as all eyes turn to Bruno, who is staring
at Barbara. Except Anne's, who is saying quietly to Bruno:


Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 75.



FADE OUT.



INSERT: LETTER

Dear Guy --

Just two more days left. We must
get together for final details.

The note, in Bruno's handwriting, is unsigned.



Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 76.



Guy turns to the dresser drawer in which he has put the note
and the gun, maneuvering his body between the dresser and
Hennessy's view. He takes out a handkerchief, closes the
drawer, sticks the handkerchief in his pocket, speaking as
he does so.

Guy is eager to get out of the room, and Hennessy is
maddeningly slow in his movements.

Guy has the door open and eases Hennessy toward the haIl.

Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 77.



He's gone, and with a last glance at the dresser, Guy goes
out and closes the door.

LAP DISSOLVE TO:



LAP DISSOLVE TO:




Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 78.



We see Guy excuse himself from Barbara, cross to Bruno and
speak to him angrily, obviously asking, "What are you doing
here?" Bruno, however, greets Guy with a smile then turns
from him, unperturbed and bland. He sees Anne and moves
toward her, smiling.



The Senator looks inquiringly. Anne makes the introduction.

Interrupted by new arrivals, Bruno moves away out of the
picture, with a charming smile to Anne.

The Senator greets the new guests with open mouth and simply
shakes their hands while glancing off in direction of the
departing Bruno.

Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 79.



She realizes he hasn't heard a word she's said and haughtily
moves on. The Senator turns to Anne.






Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 80.



At this moment, Anne comes into the scene. She hesitates as
she hears Bruno's answer.

The Judge moves out of the way. Bruno smiles blandly at the
ladies. One of them speaks to him.

Anne looks more troubled, then moves on out of the scene.

Bruno pulls up a chair to face the two woman on the settee,
sits down, straddling the seat, to look at them over the
back of the chair and settle down for a nice conversation.

Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 81.





The other woman joins in:

Mrs. Anderson laughs.







Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 84.




Over this we HEAR cries of:




Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 85.



Guy gives a quick look in direction of Mrs. Cunningham, sees
that she is being attended to.


As the two groups pass off in different directions, the few
people who ran into the scene late are asking the others
what the disturbance is. "What's wrong?" "Did she faint?"
"I didn't see anything." "What happened to him?" "Somebody
hurt?" But one small figure stands in the clear. It is
Barbara, She is still transfixed by what she has seen. Her
hands are trembling. CAMERA MOVES SLOWLY IN ON HER. We see
that her lips are trembling, too, and in her eyes frightened
tears are welling. Her breath is heavy.


Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 86.



The Senator leaves. Guy stands over Bruno's outstretched
figure.


Bruno looks and sees Guy clearly for the first time.

Guy moves forward, and thrusting his hand in Bruno's open
shirt, pulls him to his feet. Bruno ignores Guy's violence
and remain puzzled.

Guy smashes Bruno in the jaw, in utter disgust, and knocks
him back onto the settee. Bruno looks up from his sprawled
position, a dull look in his eye.

Bruno staggers to his feet. He fumbles at his collar. As
he crosses to him, CAMERA MOVES IN to a CLOSER SHOT.

He fixes Bruno's shirt and collar together and quickly ties
his white bow. Bruno stands swaying like a small boy as Guy
does this.

Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 87.



CAMERA PANS WITH THEM as Guy starts to escort Bruno from the
room.

They pass trough door into the hallway.






Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 88.






Anne is extremely concerned and thoughtful. Suddenly she
gets an idea and with a pat on Barbara's arm, asks hurriedly:

Anne hurries to the front door and passes through.

Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 89.









Guy stares at her for a moment.

Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 90.



Guy looks at Anne with an expression of growing fear and
alarm. She goes on inexorably:

Guy suddenly begins to realize what Anne is getting at.

Anne lowers her head, deliberately avoids looking at Guy, as
she asks:

Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 91.



Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 92.



They go toward the house.

CUT TO:

Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 93.



DISSOLVE TO:


Guy hangs up, rises and starts to move with purpose for his
night's activities.

DISSOLVE TO:


Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 94.



He is studying the plan of Bruno's house, and he picks up
the key Bruno sent along with it. Finally he looks at his
watch, then folds the plan and puts it in his pocket with
the key. He rises, crosses to the chest of drawers, opens
the top drawer.


INSERT: THE OPEN DRAWER

Guy's hands take out the Luger. His hand then picks up
Miriam's glasses from the drawer, holds them a moment. He
is about to put them back, then decides to take them along,
puts them into his pocket.






Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 95.



LAP DISSOLVE TO:








Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 96.





INSERT:

The plan shows two doors in relation to the stairway. The
first one is clearly marked: "MY room." The adjoining door
is marked: "My FATHER'S room."



The figure stirs.


Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 97.



The figure on the bed turns and a hand stretches out toward
a bedside light. The light goes on with a sudden glare.




The faintest flicker of Bruno's eyes indicates the intensity
of his reaction. He stares hard at Guy.

Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 98.



As Bruno continues to stare at him, Guy takes out the Luger.
For a moment a look of fear comes into Bruno's face as he
thinks Guy will probably shoot him. After a pause, Guy tosses
the gun on the bed.

Bruno's relief turns again to menace. He picks up the gun
and fingers it nervously.

Bruno pays no attention. He rises.




For an instant his nervous hands seem to be struggling with
the urge to kill Guy.


Guy starts down the stairs but Bruno stays where he is, the
dog beside him. Gay turns and looks back it this tableaux
of menace.


LAP DISSOLVE TO:

Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 100.



As he starts away --

FADE OUT.

Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 101.





She goes out. Anne is left helpless, standing in the middle
of the room. She picks up her purse and is about to go when
she hears a voice:
Anne turns back in direction of the voice. CAMERA PULLS
BACK until we can see the feet of Bruno protruding from behind
a chair in which he is sitting. He has obviously heard the
entire conversation between Anne and his mother. Bruno rises.
He is in dressing gown and pajamas.

Anne is too stunned to speak.

Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 103.



Bruno is now standing near the window a little apart from
Anne, with his back to him. He takes something out of the
pocket of his dressing gown and looks down at it in his hand.
It is Guy's lighter. Suddenly he stuffs it back his pocket
and turn back to Anne.

Anne's horror is growing.
Anne stares at this insane man and sinks on the settee. She
starts to cry in sheer frustration. Bruno goes to her
sympathetically.

He puts his hand on her shoulder. Anne flings it off. There
is an awkward pause as Bruno looks down at her. Then he
begins to look around restlessly.

He turns, starts out of the room and up the stairs in the
hall. Anne watches him.


Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 104.



DISSOLVE TO:




Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 105.



REYNOLDS, Guy's opponent, enters scene behind Guy's chair.

Anne acknowledges his greeting with a nod.

Reynolds leaves Anne and Guy rise, and as they walk toward
the stadium, we can see Guy start to speak to Anne in a
whisper.


Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 106.



Guy is so preoccupied with his grim doesn't nod to Hennessy
until Anne nudges him.


He goes on to the court, and Anna goes to her box.



Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 107.








LAP DISSOLVE TO:

Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 108.





Anne hurries in, nods briefly to the official who has started
to leave, and sits down.

He makes a move as if to follow official toward the stadium,
but Anne puts hand on his arm.

Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 109.



Guy stares at her, takes a quick look toward the stadium,
then gives Anne his full attention.

Anne nods slowly.

Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 110.



While Anne is frantically trying to remember, Guy turns
toward, the stadium and gives a signal of "Be right there."
Guy's shoulders droop with disappointment.

REYNOLDS, Guy's opponent, ENTERS SCENE behind Guy's chair.

He walks away. Anne and Guy rise, following him.

Guy's expression says she's right, as they walk toward the
stadium.




Guy and Anne come INTO THE SCENE just as the players from
the previous match emerge. They pass through, nodding to
Hennessy.


Anne looks puzzled as Guy looks up at the sun, then at his
watch.


Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 112.









Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 113.



LAP DISSOLVE TO:






Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 114.






EXT. UNION STATION WASHINGTON D.C.

We see Bruno get out of a cab and pass into the depot.






Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 115.



INT. UNION STATION WASHINGTON, D.C.

Bruno is casually waiting for the train. He stands near a
news-stand reading a paper.


INSERT:

We see that the paper is open at the sports page. There is
a picture of Guy among other tennis players. WITH A DISSOLVE
the whole character of this page changes with the exception
of Guy's picture, which becomes surrounded with large type,
announcing the arrest of Guy Haines for the murder of his
wife Miriam. A sub-heading tells of Guy's cigarette lighter
found at the scene of the crime. All this DISSOLVES AWAY
and the page becomes once more the sports section.







Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 116.



Bruno looks at him for a moment and then at the lighter.
With great deliberation he puts the lighter away in his pocket
and takes out book-matches. Lighting a match, he holds it
to his fellow passenger's cigarette.







Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 117.



There is a round of applause. We see the heads of the two
players reach the Umpire's chair. Guy, very anxious still,
as he wipes his neck with a towel.


Barbara nods and goes along.




Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 118.











LAP DISSOLVE TO:






Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 120.





He goes on his knees and forces his arm down the drain.








Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 122.










Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 123.










Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 124.










Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 125.










Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 126.










Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 127.






He points off toward Guy.

Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 128.









The old lady's eyes light up.



She leans back and maintains her air of excitement as she
looks across at Hennessy.







Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 130.



Bruno doesn't answer. With the lighter in his closed fist,
he darts through the crowd, the people looking after him.






As he gets in the Cab, we go to --



Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 131.



We see one of the detectives take up a microphone as the car
drives off.









Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 132.










Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 133.











Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 134.












Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 135.



The detective pulls out his gun and starts to run after Guy.









Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 136.






At this moment the boatman rushes up.


Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 137.



They are staggering across between the rising and falling
horses.


An elderly man in soiled work clothes speaks up.

Immediately the workman heads straight for the merry-go-round
and starts to crawl under it on his stomach.

A second detective speaks to him quizzically.

The first detective leans over and looks off toward the
workman who is continuing his slithering way under the
machine, then straightens up.


Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 138.








Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 139.








Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 140.









Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 141.







In the background people are rushing about. The crowd is in
uproar as women and children are helped from the wreckage.
Officials and uniformed policemen pushing back the surge of
the crowd.

Turley and Campbell rush in to Guy.

Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 142.



Guy is surrounded by police and Campbell stands at his elbow.
At this moment the boatman runs in. One of the detectives
is with him.

The detective who was holding Guy instinctively relax his
hold on Guy's arm. Turley turns to Guy, puzzled.

He leads the way. They follow.

Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 143.



Guy is shocked at the sight of Bruno.

Bruno opens his eyes and sees Guy.

Turley has leaned forward to look at the helpless Bruno.

Guy looks around desperately, frustrated for a moment as
Turley eyes him stonily. Then he turns again to Bruno.

Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 144.



Guy looks around helplessly to Turley, who looks back at him
suspiciously.

Turley leans over to look.

Guy's lighter is now revealed in Bruno's open hand.


Guy nods without speaking, and with a half look in Bruno's
direction.

Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 145.



Turley turns back to the group around Bruno. Guy looks down
for a moment at Bruno, then speaks to the boatman, who is
standing nearby.

Guy looks back sympathetically in Bruno's direction, speaks
without looking at the boatman.

He moves off through the crowd.

DISSOLVE TO:




She hangs up, turns slowly, to face Barbara and her father.
Her expression is one of intense relief.

With a sob, Barbara flings herself into Anne's arms. As she
cries, Anne strokes her head comfortingly. Then with a half-
choked sobs Anne, too, begins to cry. She speaks through
her tears, looking over Barbara's shoulder at her father.

The Senator eyes them a moment, then speaks a little wryly:

DISSOLVE TO:


Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 147.



Guy and Anne exchange a brief look, rise hurriedly and start
to walk away before the conversation can go any farther.
The cleric looks after them with a frown and a puzzled shrug
of his shoulders, as if to say, "Did I say something wrong?"

FADE OUT.




Strangers on a Train
Writers : &nbsp;&nbsp;Raymond Chandler&nbsp;&nbsp;Czenzi Ormonde
Genres : &nbsp;&nbsp;Drama&nbsp;&nbsp;Film-Noir&nbsp;&nbsp;Thriller

User Comments





Back to IMSDb















Index
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;|&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
Submit
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;|&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
Links
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;|&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
Link to us
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;|&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
RSS Feeds
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;|&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
Disclaimer
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;|&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
Privacy policy




