

A stray SKATEBOARD clips her, causing her to stumble and
spill her coffee, as well as the contents of her backpack.

The young RIDER dashes over to help, trembling when he sees
who his board has hit.

Cowering in fear, he attempts to scoop up her scattered
belongings.

He persists.

KAT (continuing)
I said, leave it!

She grabs his skateboard and uses it to SHOVE him against a
car, skateboard tip to his throat. He whimpers pitifully
and she lets him go. A path clears for her as she marches
through a pack of fearful students and SLAMS open the door,
entering school.

Leave the girls' room and enter the hallway.

The greetings continue as Chastity remains wordless and
unaddressed by her side. Bianca smiles proudly,
acknowledging her fans.

Her plastic smile never leaves her face. Cameron fidgets in
his chair uncomfortably.

Cameron rises to leave and makes eye contact with PATRICK
VERONA, a sullen-looking bad ass senior who waits outside Ms
Perky's door. His slouch and smirk let us know how cool he
is.

Miss Perky looks down at her file and up at Patrick

She gives him a withering glance. He answers with a charming
smile.

She motions for Patrick to enter her office and Cameron
shuffles out the door, bumping into MICHAEL ECKMAN, a lanky,
brainy senior who will either end up a politician or game
show host.

They head out of the office

The beautiful people pass, in full jock/cheerleader
splendor.

Several Stetson-wearing, big belt buckle. Wrangler guys
walk by.

They pass an espresso cart with a group of teens huddled
around it.

Several white boys in dreadlocks and Jamaican knit berets
lounge on the grass. A cloud of pot smoke hovers above them

Michael waves to DEREK, the one with the longest dreads.

Cameron turns to follow Michael as they walk into the
cafeteria.

He points to the table of jocks, as they torture various
passers-by.

He points proudly to the ALLIGATOR on his shirt.

Cameron stops listening as BIANCA walks by, and we go SLO
MO. Pure and perfect, she passes Cameron and Michael
without a look.

Cameron is smitten

Kat, the girl we saw as we entered the school, slowly cakes
off her glasses and speaks up.

The other students roll their eyes.

JOEY DORSEY, a well-muscled jock with great cheekbones,
makes fun of her from his row.

A few giggles. Kat ignores him. A practiced gesture

Really gets fired up now

She looks up at Ms. Blaise, who is now fighting with her
pill box.

Patrick, lounging in his seat in the back row, elbows a
crusty-looking crony, identified by the name SCURVY,
embroidered on his workshirt.

The class titters. Kat wears an expression of intolerance

Kat smiles at her, daring her to say it.

She grimaces, as if she's referring to a medical condition.

Kat rises from her chair with a plastic smile matching the
counselor's.

TEACHER (0.S.)
I realize the language of Mr.
Shakespeare makes him a bit daunting,
but I'm sure you're all doing your best.

Bianca folds the note and passes it behind her with a flip
of her hair to CHASTITY. Chastity opens the note and reads:

INSERT - "JOEY DORSEY SAID HI TO ME IN THE HALL! OH! MY
GOD!"

Chastity frowns to herself.

TEACHER (0.S.)
(continuing)
Ms. Stratford, do you care to comment
on what you've read so far?

Bianca looks up and smiles the smile of Daddy's little girl.

The teacher shakes her head, but lets it go.

MANDELLA. a waif-like senior girl who sits off to the side
trying to slit her wrist with the plastic spiral on her
notebook, looks up and raises her hand.

She raises a challenging eyebrow. The stunned teacher
doesn't answer and goes to call on the next student.

Kat attacks

Kat's attention is caught by Patrick as he walks by with his
friends, lighting up a cigarette. Mandella notices her
staring.

Kat turns back to face Mandella and forces her yogurt into
Mandella's hand.

She eats. Kat sees her wrist

Kat stares at her, expressionless.

Thinks a minute

Mandella's attention is struck by Bianca

Joey looks up and smiles at Bianca.

Bianca smiles her coyest of smiles.

BACK TO KAT AND MANDELLA Still watching.

Doesn't respond

The BELL rings, and the cowboys stand and spit into their
empty bean cans. Cameron and Michael rise as Cameron tries
to catch a glimpse of Bianca as she walks back inside.

Cameron watches as Bianca flounces back into the building.

He zooms away as Kat yanks open the door of her Dart.
Mandella ties a silk scarf around her head, as if they're in
a convertible.

They watch Joey's car as he slows next to Bianca and
Chastity as they walk toward the school bus.

Bianca and Chastity can't get in Joey's car fast enough. He
pulls away with a smile.

Kat doesn't answer, but reaches over and puts a tape in the
tape deck. The sounds of JOYFUL PUNK ROCK fill the car.

As they pull out, Michael crosses in front of them on his
moped. Kat has to SLAM the brakes to keep from hitting him

Michael begins fearfully, pedaling as Kat PEELS out, angry
at the delay.

Cameron rushes over

He slows to a stop

Michael putters off, leaving Cameron dodging Patrick's
grimy, grey Jeep -- a vehicle several years and many paint
jobs away from its former glory as a REGULATION MAIL TRUCK -
- as he sideswipes several cars on his way out of the lot.

Kat stands behind her, reading over her shoulder as she
types.

WALTER STRATFORD, a blustery, mad scientist-type
obstetrician, enters through the front door, wearing a
doctor's white jacket and carrying his black bag.

He grabs the mail and rifles through it, as he bends down to
kiss Sharon on the cheek.

Bianca walks in.

She kisses him on the cheek

Walter kisses Bianca back as Kat heads up the stairs

Walter holds up a letter to Kat

Snatches it away from him.

Sharon looks up from her computer.

Kat gives Bianca an evil look then smiles sweetly at

Bianca glares at Kat then turns to Walter

He pulls out a small tape recorder from his black bag.

He hits the "play' button and SHRIEKS OF PAIN emanate from
the tape recorder.

His BEEPER goes off and he grabs his bag again

Bianca smiles slowly

Bianca seizes an opportunity.

She fingers a lock of her hair. He looks on, dazzled.

She reaches out and touches his arm

Cameron smiles, having no idea how stupid he is

Cameron grins away

Cameron motions with his head toward Patrick, a few lab
tables away. He's wearing biker glasses instead of goggles
as he tries to revive his frog.

The others at the lab table raise their eyebrows

Michael smiles. Liking the intrigue.

Michael processes this.

A cowboy flicks the frog's heart into one of the Coffee
Kid's latte. Cameron presses on, over the melee.

He points to Patrick, who now makes his frog hump another
frog, with full-on sound effects.

Michael sits next to PEPE, a Coffee Kid, who holds out his
jacket like the men who sell watches in the subway. Inside
several bags of coffee hang from hooks.

Michael nods solemnly.

Cameron approaches, full of good-natured farm boy cheer

In response, Patrick brandishes a loud POWER TOOL in his
direction.

Cameron slinks away.

Michael watches, shaking his head.

Michael walks up and sits between them, casual as can be

He grabs Michael by the side of the head, and proceeds to
draw a penis on his cheek with the magic marker. Michael
suffers the indignity and speaks undaunted.

Joey sits back and cackles at his drawing.

Michael points to Patrick, who makes a disgusted face at his
turkey pot pie before he rises and throws it at the garbage
can, rather than in it.

Joey turns to look at Michael.

He rises to leave and turns to the others.

Cameron grins and puts an arm around him

Michael pulls back, noticing other guys filing in.

Cameron pulls back and attempts to posture himself in a
manly way for the others, now watching.

Mandella replies with a look of ice. Kat uses the moment to
stub out Mandella's cigarette.

They both look up as Patrick enters. He walks up to the
counter to place his order.

Mandella leans toward Kat with the glow of fresh gossip

Patrick nods at them as he takes his food outside.

He smiles his charming smile

She tolerates his comment with her withering glance.

The bell RINGS.

Mandella sits with TREVOR, a White Rasta. She attempts to
get him to do geometry, but he stares at her, as if smitten

Mandella sets down her pencil and closes the book.

ACROSS THE ROOM Bianca and Cameron sit side by side, cozy as
can be

She shuts her book and puts on a seductive smile


Bianca's eyes light up

The bell RINGS. Kids flood past. Then Patrick saunters by
with Scurvy. Cameron nudges Bianca.

Out of desperation, Cameron awkwardly lunges across
Patrick's path. Patrick shoves him back against the wall
without a thought. Cameron lands in a THUD at Bianca's
feet.

Bianca watches Patrick, a wicked gleam in her eye.

Joey and a member of his hulking entourage, approach
Patrick, who still manages to look cool, even in gym
clothes. They pull him aside roughly.

Joey points

JOEY See that girl?

Patrick follows his line of vision to Kat as she spikes the
ball into some poor cowboy's face.

Kat wins the game and high fives the others, who are scared
of her.

Patrick stares at Joey deadpan. His dislike for the guy
obvious.

Joey smiles.

Patrick raises an eyebrow, urging him up

Patrick walks away with a smile

Patrick sits on the bleachers nearby, watching. A cigarette
dangles from his mouth. His pal, SCURVY is next to him.

MR. CHAPIN, the coach, blows the WHISTLE.

Kat nods in response, and the girls leave the field. Patrick
hops down to follow.

Kat stops and turns slowly to look at him.

She stands there undaunted, hand on hip.

Patrick's eyes narrow. He steps closer.

PATRICK backs up a little. He uses his most seductive tone

Kat stares at him.

She walks away quickly, leaving him standing alone.

Scurvy appears at his side

ACROSS THE FIELD Cameron and Michael watch.

STRATFORD HOUSE/BATHROOM - NIGHT

Kat washes her face at the sink. Bianca appears behind her,
and attempts to twist Kat's hair into a chignon.

She wacks Bianca away.

Kat pushes past her into the hallway.

Kat SLAMS her door in response.

SCURVY You up for a burger?

Patrick looks in his wallet. It's empty.

Kat doesn't answer

She slams her locker shut and walks away

She looks up and finds Patrick sitting on the hood of her
car

Kat takes the bag out of her mouth.

She gets in and starts the car.

She starts to pull out, and is blocked by Joey's Viper,
which pulls up perpendicular to her rear and parks.

Joey and his groupies emerge and head for the liquor store

They continue on into the store. Kat stares at them in
disbelief...

Then BACKS UP

Her vintage fenders CRASH into the door of Joey's precious
Viper.

Patrick watches with a delighted grin Joey races out of the
liquor store.

Kat pulls forward and backs into his car again. Smiling
sweetly.

Walter's BEEPER goes off

He walks out, leaving Kat stewing on the couch.

Joey sees through the bluff

Joey starts to walk off

Joey thinks for a frustrated moment, PUNCHES the locker,
then peels another fifty out of his wallet with a menacing
scowl.

Patrick takes the money with a smile.

Bianca glares at him.

Cameron closes the French book

He melts

She touches his hand. He blushes at her praise and watches
her toss her hair back

Cameron nods with interest.

Bianca looks surprised.

Cameron bravely steps forward

Patrick turns toward them.

Cameron starts to object, but Michael holds up a hand.

Cameron starts choking at the thought of Joey plowing his
beloved Bianca.

Patrick smiles. He likes the idea of Joey being a pawn in
this game.

He swings the door open and exits, leaving Michael and
Cameron grinning at each other.

Michael holds the invitation up to Cameron.

INSERT - HEADSHOTS of Joey. In one, he's pouting in a white
shirt. In the other, he's pouting in a black shirt.

Joey nods thoughtfully.


He gives her his best flirtatious smile

He taps her on the nose and she giggles

He fishes.

Cameron furiously takes notes

He looks up when he hears a COMMOTION at the door. LOU the
bouncer is in the midst of throwing Michael and Cameron out.

Lou looks at Patrick, surprised, then reluctantly lets our
two non-deviants pass through.

Patrick guides them to a table and sips from a beer.

Cameron pulls out a piece of paper.

One question before we start -- should you be drinking
alcohol when you don't have a liver?

Cameron looks up at Patrick.

Patrick sits up

This is met with silence. Then:

Michael smacks Cameron

Cameron goes back to the list.

Patrick groans

He hands it over.

Michael puts a finger to his lips.

He looks down at the list of CDs.

Kat and Mandella dance as they dress and apply make-up
Bianca enters, interrupting their fun.

Kat doesn't move, so Bianca crosses to the stereo, turning
down the volume.

Kat shoots her a glare

She smiles sweetly and shuts the door behind her. Kat
doesn't bat an eye. She grabs her purse and opens the door

They approach Bruce. Kat puts on her happy, shiny face

Bruce looks the girls up and down.

He looks at their IDs. Mandella gently moves Kat aside,
wearing a face that could only be described as "I AM a
Victoria's Secret model."

She sticks out her chest and licks her lips. Bruce stares
at her deadpan and hands her back the IDs.

Mandella winks at him and sashays inside Kat: follows
behind, shaking her head.

Bruce pushes him inside the club, then sees Patrick.

They shake.

Patrick starts to go in

Patrick laughs and goes into the club

Near the stage is a joyful mass of pogo-ing teens AT THE BAR

Patrick bellies up and looks around the club. Gigglepuss
finishes a song.

A teenage boy in the audience takes the opportunity to
scream.

BOY (0.S.)
Pet my kitty!

They rev into their next song.

NEAR THE STAGE Kat looks at Mandella.

She makes her way through the crowd to the bar. AT THE BAR

She made it. She signals for the bartender and as she's
waiting, looks around. She spots Patrick a few feet away

She sneaks a glance. He's staring, but this time he looks
away before she can. Despite herself, she's miffed.

The bartender arrives

She looks at Patrick again. He's completely absorbed in the
band. She scowls. The bottled water arrives and she
marches off, forgetting to pay.

She walks up to Patrick.

Patrick looks at her, surprised

If you're planning on asking me out you might as well get it
over with.

Kat steams. And watches him watch the band

The band takes a break, so they can stop yelling now

He leans back, making no attempt to hit on her. She moves
closer.

He motions toward the stage

She's completely taken aback. He uses the moment to his
advantage and brushes her hair back as he speaks right into
her ear.

Kat steps away, brushing the hair back that he just touched
Her cheeks pinken.

His cocky side is back in a flash

At that moment, the band starts another SONG

The bartender approaches.

He tosses some bills on the bar

Rather than thank him, Kat simply watches him, trying to
figure out his motive.

A few people have gotten between them at the bar and she
can't hear a word he's saying. She gives him one last look
and heads back into the crowd.

Patrick smiles. She didn't say no this time.

Mandella watches Kat as she stares after Patrick

Kat glances sharply at her.

Kat pokes her, then looks back at the club dreamily.

Mandella nods.

Kat links her arm through Mandella's and they head for the
car.

Cameron looks At Michael expectantly

Joey appears over Cameron's shoulder.

Cameron and Michael look at each other And turn around
slowly

It's incredibly obvious that he's lying. Joey eyes him then
turns to Cameron.

Joey turns back to Michael, grabbing the alligator on his
shirt and twisting it.

Joey lets go of Michael and SHOVES Cameron against a locker
for good measure, as he walks away-

The door opens and Miss Perky escorts Patrick out

Kat stands and Patrick sees her.

Miss Perky watches in horror

PATRICK/KAT
Yeah/No.

Miss Perky grabs Kat and shoves her into her office.

Patrick gives Kat one last look before the door shuts, then
smiles-

INT. STRATFORD HOUSE/UPSTAIRS HALLWAY - NIGHT

Bianca and Chastity stand outside Kat's room. MUSIC is
blaring and the door is shut. Bianca looks at her watch

FROM THE KITCHEN A RUSTLING is heard. The girls freeze.

Walter emerges from the kitchen with a mile-high sandwich
The girls are like statues. Walter jumps.

She points to Kat -- Walkman blaring -- who comes
downstairs, wearing a baby tee and battered Levis. Her
relaxing-at-home look is about 400 times sexier than her at-
school look. She wanders toward the kitchen.

Walter directs his attention toward Kat.

Kat shrugs as she comes back out of the kitchen with an
apple

Bianca turns to Kat, eyes ablaze

Kat takes off her earphones, ready to do battle

Bianca tosses her hair.

Kat stares Bianca down

Bianca and Chastity look at each other, thrilled, and burst
into gleeful screams.

A startled Walter clutches Bianca in a protective hug.

Walter looks dazed.

He rushes to a cupboard and pulls out a padded faux-
pregnancy belly.

He hangs the belly on her as she stands mortified.

Scanned by http://freemoviescripts.com
Formatting by http://simplyscripts.home.att.net


Kat stomps to the door, grabbing her car keys off the hall
table and a sweater from the coat rack. She flings open the
door and...

There stands Patrick.

Kat's in shock

She holds up her keys

He peeks in behind her.

The house is filled to capacity with Padua High's finest Kat
pushes through the crowd. Patrick saunters in behind her

Kat enters, then quickly tries to make an about face. Joey
sees her and rushes over to block her, standing in the
doorway.

Kat gives him a death look and then stops and points at his
forehead.

He panics, whipping out a handy pocket mirror She's
already walking away.

Kat's face shows utter hatred

A RUCKUS sounds from the next room

The other jocks rush to watch as two Coffee Kids splash
their cupfuls on each other.

Caffeinated fists fly. Joey slithers away from the door to
watch, giving Kat one last smirk, just as Bianca walks into
the kitchen.

He puts his arm around Bianca and escorts her out

A GUY pouring shots hands Kat one She downs it and accepts
another.

Patrick walks up

She downs another.

Cameron nods intently

Michael spots Bianca and Chastity, watching the skirmish,
and points Cameron's body in her direction.

ON BIANCA AND CHASTITY Bianca cranes her neck

Cameron walks over.

Bianca turns and graces him with a pained smile.

Bianca ignores the question and tries to pawn him off

Bianca gives him a tense smile.

He heads for the kitchen. Joey walks up and grabs her
around the waist.

She giggles as he picks her up and carries her off -- just
as Cameron returns, a beer -- complete with a napkin and
straw -- in his hand.

Chastity glares with a jealous fury after Bianca and Joey,
then gives Cameron the once-over and walks away.

Michael appears.

He smacks himself in the head

Michael pats him on the shoulder.

Patrick is showing a scar to an inebriated, enraptured
cheerleader. He looks up at Kat and smiles meets his eyes
then looks away.

Bianca tries to appear impressed, but it's getting
difficult.

He looks over her shoulder and waves at someone. Bianca
takes the opportunity to escape.

Chastity rolls her eyes

There's a KNOCK at the door. Bianca opens it to find a very
drunken Kat.

Bianca grabs Chastity's arm and they exit

Kat is fierce in her refusal to let go

Joey enters, grabbing Patrick by the shoulder, distracting
him from his task.

As Patrick turns, Kat breaks free and dives into the sea of
dancing people in the dining room.

He peels off some bills

A very drunken Kat jumps up onto the kitchen island and
starts dancing by herself. She lets loose, hair flying.
She's almost burlesque.

Others form a crowd, clapping and cheering her on

She swings her head around BANGING it on a copper pot
hanging from the rack above the center island. She starts
to sway, then goes down as Patrick rushes over to catch her.

The others CLAP, thinking this is a wonderful finale.
Patrick sets her down on her feet, holding her up

She tries to push him away, but staggers when she does grabs
her again, bracing her.

She tries to sit on the floor

He pulls her back to her

CAMERON We need to talk.

Kat slides down to the floor and Patrick struggles to get h
back on her feet.

Patrick doesn't have time for this.

Patrick continues walking an oblivious Kat outside. Cameron
stands there, unsure how to make use of this advice

He walks her over to the swingset and plops her down in a
swing, moving her hands to hang onto the chains.

She sits and looks at him for a moment with a smile. Then
FALLS over backward.

Patrick rushes to right her, then starts pushing her on the
swing to keep her entertained.

He stops the swing

Kat is asleep, her head resting against the swing's chains.

He drags her to her feet and starts singing loudly.

He sits her down on the slide and shakes her like a rag
doll.

He sighs with relief.

They share some meaningful eye contact. And then she PUKES
on his shoes.

A KNOCK sounds at the door

Bianca opens the door and looks at her sister with the
smuggest of all possible grins.

Gives her a "don't even start" look.

She pushes past her and leaves the bathroom.

Chastity looks at Bianca, who wears a pained expression.
She looks at her watch.

They head back into the party, leaving an astonished Bianca

Cameron exits the party and stops when he sees Bianca
standing alone.

He starts to walk on

He stops. She gives him a helpless smile.

She changes it back to her song.

He changes it back.

Patrick doesn't have an answer for this, so he let's her
listen to her song.

He doesn't answer, but instead, frowns and turns up the
music. She bobs her head drunkenly.

She points to the radio

She turns to look at him.

Her voice loses it's venom

He turns to look at her -- she looks anything but scary
right now. He tries to hide his smile.

They eye each other, sharing a moment of connection,
realizing they're both created the same exterior for
themselves.

Patrick pulls into her driveway and shuts off the motor. He
looks up at her house.

Kat stares at him with new admiration.

She leans drunkenly toward him.

Their faces grow closer as if they're about to kiss And then
Patrick turns away

Kat stares at him, pissed. Then gets out of the car,
SLAMMING the door shut behind her.

Bianca bites her lip.

BIANCA thinks a minute

He pulls up in front of the house

She looks at him for a moment -- then grabs his face and
gives him a kiss on the lips. He draws back in surprise,
then kisses her back. She smiles, then gets out of the car
without another word.

Cameron grins and drives away

He grabs her hand and kisses it as she pulls it away.

CLEM, a cowboy, enters, high-fiving Derek with new-found
friendliness.

He sits next to Derek

Joey saunters in and takes his seat.

Mrs. Blaise enters and sits at her desk

Patrick enters, late, and slinks to his desk. Kat looks up,
down and around, everywhere but at Patrick.

Mrs. Blaise tries to remember what she's supposed to talk
about.

She clears her throat.

Groans.

The class is frozen in apathy.

Ms. Blaise hands him the sonnet. He shifts uncomfortably in
his seat. Then grins.

In the back of the room Clem raises his hand

Patrick enters, walking to the counter to order. He sees Kat
and smiles.

She gathers her things and bolts out the door. Patrick
looks at Mandella, who shrugs and follows Kat.

INT. BIOLOGY CLASS - DAY Cameron and Michael flank Patrick
at his lab table

Michael and Cameron look at each other in realization, then
turn back to Patrick.

Patrick's expression says that this is not a possibility.
Michael makes a time out sign with his hands.

Michael walks up.

MICHAEL rocks. Very hip.

She looks at him suspiciously

Michael thinks for a minute.

He leans in close to her, conspiratorially

A PUCK flies at them from the field, narrowly missing their
heads.

He looks at Cameron.

The cohorts chortle Chastity keeps drinking from the
fountain

He pulls out his wallet and hands Patrick a wad of money

Patrick does, with a smile, as he ROARS out of the parking
lot.

Joey swaggers up to Bianca, who is taking careful aim.
Chastity watches from across the row.

She lets the arrow go and turns to look at him.

In the background, a RASTA crumples to the ground. Hit
A casualty of Gym. Mr. Chapin scurries over.

Bianca looks at him, surprised

Joey takes the bow and arrow from Bianca's hand. He draws
back and takes aim.

Chastity looks over from her spot on the field, but keeps
lips firmly shut.

Kat stares at him, deadpan.

She pushes past him and heads out the' door
Pat looks down at the book he's been holding in his hand:
Taming of the Shrew.

Patrick thinks for a minute

From outside, we hear the soft, unsure beginnings of a SONG.
Kat looks up, then out the window, HORRIFIED.

The song grows louder until we realize it's The Partridge
Family's "I Think I Love You". Being sung by Patrick.

The STUDENTS rush to the window. OUTSIDE Patrick stands
beneath the window, crooning.

Scurvy is next to him, keeping the beat on the bongos and
doing backup vocal s.

He makes quite a sarcastic show of it.

He makes the appropriate hand gesture

Mr. Chapin, the gym teacher, sits at the desk in front,
ignoring them while he reads a girly weightlifting magazine

KAT (0. S.)
Excuse me, Mr. Chapin?

Patrick looks up at the sound of her voice and sees Kat
standing in the doorway. She gives him a smile and he perks
up a little.

Kat walks into the room and addresses Mr. Chapin again. He
turns fully to face her.

Kat glances over at Patrick and motions her head toward the
window.

Patrick shrugs, not knowing what she ' s talking about.

She motions again, and looks toward the window with an
expression that says, "Make a break for it, moron."

Kat brings her attention back to Mr. Chapin while Patrick
inches out of his seat toward the window.

The other miscreants watch with glee.

Patrick is halfway out the window now. And none too happy
about it, considering they're on the second floor.

He eyes a large TREE a few feet away from MR. CHAPIN. He
starts to turn away from Kat

Kat starts to panic, as Patrick has yet to make the jump for
the tree.

He turns back toward her again, the very second before he
would have spotted Patrick.

Kat glances toward the window. Patrick's just about to make
the jump.

From behind, we see her lift up her shirt and flash her bra
at Mr. Chapin, just as Patrick makes the Jump.

The miscreants cheer, for both the daring' escape and the
flash of skin.

Mr. Chapin reddens and tries to be stern.

He motions to the remaining detention prisoners, without
noticing Patrick's absence.

Kat smiles at him.

Kat bolts out the door. Mr. Chapin goes back to his muscle
mag, wiping the sweat from his brow.

She does. He's still in the tree

She assesses the branch structure

She sighs and dose so. When she gets to his level, she
perches on the branch next to him. He grins at her.

Then swings himself down with the grace and ease of a
monkey, leaving her sitting there, realizing she's been
duped.

She climbs down after him

She stops and picks up a toy gun that SHOOTS water at
giggling hyenas and wails on it. The barker hands her a
stuffed animal as her prize. She hands it to the small KID
next to her and they continue walking.

She blushes under his gaze

He motions to the SIGN for a paint-ball game. She grins
SERIES OF SHOTS:

The two of them creep through the paint-ball course,
stealthy and full of the desire to best the other.

Patrick nails Kat in the back with a big glob of red paint
Kat gets him in the chest with a glob of blue.

Patrick returns fire with a big yellow splat to the side of
her face.

Kat squirts a green shot to his forehead After a few more
shots, they're both covered in paint

She tries to shoot him again, only to find that her gun is
empty.

Patrick grabs her in a victorious tackle. They land,
laughing.

It's hard to even recognize them, as their hair and faces
are so smeared with paint globs, but they still manage to
find each other's eyes.

He wipes a smear of blue paint away from her lips, as he
goes to kiss her.

NEARBY The kid with the stuffed animal, points

His mother hurries him away. What's started as a tackle has
turned into a passionate kiss

He shuts off the car and turns to her.

He kisses her neck. It tickles. She laughs.

Kat's smile disappears.

Patrick sits quietly, torn. He can't very well tell her he
being paid to take her.

Kat turns to him, getting angry.

He sits silently, not looking at her, confirming her
suspicions.

He takes out a cigarette. She breaks it in half before she
SLAMS the car door and walks into the house.

Patrick PEELS out of the driveway. Kat turns at the front
door and watches him go

He glances over at A DRUNKEN HOMELESS GUY in the median, who
has decided that he doesn't need to wear pants.

Patrick pulls out his wallet, takes the wad of money Joey
gave him and hands it to the homeless guy.

The light turns green and Patrick pulls away

INT. STRATFORD HOUSE/BATHROOM - NIGHT

Kat stands at the sink, scrubbing paint off of her face
Bianca TAPS on the open door.

Kat pushes the door shut with a SLAM

Bianca stares at him for a moment.

He mock stabs himself with a pencil as she giggles and
smacks his hand away.

He looks stricken.

Hanging inside is a beautiful DRESS, inspired by the 16th
Century. Mandella slowly unpins a NOTE from the dress.

INSERT - "0 FAIR ONE. JOIN ME AT THE PROM. I WILL BE
WAITING. LOVE, WILLIAM S."

Mandella's agog. Trevor walks by and sees her holding the
dress.

Mandella looks up sharply, shaken from her reverie.

Mandella grins It is

Sharon is at her computer, Walter at his exercise bike

Bianca enters and walks over to Walter

Bianca storms out.

Sharon stops her typing and looks up at Walter

Kat enters and sits down on the bed, muting the TV.

Kat clears her throat

Kat takes a deep breath.

Bianca stares at her, dumbfounded

Kat stands up slowly

She rises and holds the door open for Kat, then slams it
behind her.

A KNOCK sounds

Kat opens the door and peers in with a grin

Bianca looks up, hopefully.

Bianca walks into the living room. She's wearing a prom
dress.

The DOORBELL RINGS. Bianca runs to open it. There stands
CAMERON. He takes in Bianca's outfit.

Walter rises. Sharon pulls him back down on the couch

The door SLAMS. As Sharon looks at Walter with a grin, a
blur rushes down the stairs and out the door. The blur has
Kat ' s voice.

The door SLAMS again. Walter and Sharon 'are alone

The DOORBELL RINGS again. Walter opens it to find Joey on
the porch, wearing a tux.

He SLAMS the door shut

Patrick sits on the steps, waiting. In a tux.

Patrick winces slightly, but covers it with a smile

He remains seated. Kat fidgets nervously.

He rises and stares at her, taking in her image
appreciatively. She blushes and turns away.

A cowboy two-steps by them, dragging some poor girl around

Kat steps forward, looking around and spots Cameron and
Bianca dancing cheek to cheek. She smiles.

Patrick looks toward the door and taps Kat. She turns and
points Mandella the same way.

Michael - in full Shakespearean dress with a new goatee on
his chin - bows in their direction. Mandella's grin couldn't
be bigger.

Michael swashbuckles over to them, taking Mandella's hand
and leading her onto the dance floor.

(to Patrick)
Good sir.

Patrick rolls his eyes.

Cam and Bianca dance nearby, glowing with happiness. She
whispers something in his ear and heads for the ladies' room

Chastity checks her hair in the mirror, aloof.

Chastity maintains her snooty tone.

BIANCA What're you talking about?

Appalled, Bianca storms out. Chastity tries to backpedal.

Patrick and Kat continue to slow dance, oblivious to the
evil about to erupt.

He takes a breath and looks away, not meeting her eyes. Kat
stares at him for a moment and laughs a delighted laugh

He's interrupted by Joey's hand on his shoulder.

Michael takes Cameron aside, leaving Mandella and Bianca
staring after them.

Joey turns toward Michael and Cameron.

JOEY You two are in big trouble

Cameron faces Joey.

Joey PUNCHES Cameron in the face, taking him by surprise
Cameron holds his nose as it bleeds onto his tux

The various cliques descend angrily and Joey is soon
surrounded by seething Cowboys, Coffee Kids and White
Rastas.

The other Rastas GASP, as if stung by the realization that
they're white.

Joey turns back to Patrick and Kat.

Kat looks from Joey to Patrick, not sure what she's hearing.
Joey pushes through the crowd but a HAND drags him back.
It's Bianca. And she BELTS the hell out of him

She BELTS him again

And AGAIN

Cliques now descend on Joey, punching him wildly.

He catches up to her now

She turns to face him with a countenance more in sorrow than
in anger.

He grabs her and kisses her to shut her up. After a second,
she jerks away and flees down the stairs and out of sight.

Bianca stands at the top of the stairs, watching. She's
never looked more guilty.

The phone sits next to her. Not ringing. Bianca breezes
in, bearing a cup of tea.

Kat takes the tea and gives a weak smile.

Bianca sits down next to her

Bianca gives her a squeeze, then jumps up when the DOORBELL
rings, opening the door to a waiting Cameron. He peeks his
head inside.

The door shuts behind her as Walter enters.

Walter sits down on the arm of the chair and watches the
infomercial with Kat.

Kat looks up in surprise.

Kat reaches over and gives him a hug

INT. CAFETERIA - DAY Kat stands grabs a box of cornflakes
from the food line.

CAMERON (0. S.)
Katarina?

She turns and looks at him

He trails off when he realizes she's thrown her food tray
against the wall and marched off -- the old "kill, kill"
look back in her eyes.

The door of the classroom FLIES open and an angry Kat stalks
in, yanking Bianca from her chair and dragging her toward
the hallway.

Miss Perky walks up

She turns to Kat.

Bianca rises, taking Kat by the arm.

Nerds in the back high-five each other.

No one moves. Then Kat slowly stands up.

Patrick looks up.

She downs a couple Prozac

Kat stands, puts on her glasses, and takes a deep breath
before reading from her notebook.

She pauses, then continues

She takes a deep breath, and looks quickly at Patrick, who
stares at the floor.

She looks directly at Patrick. He looks back this time.
The look they exchange says everything.

Then she walks out of the room The rest of the class remains
in stunned silence.

She picks it up slowly, inspecting every detail, then spins
around.

Patrick stands there, smiling.

She doesn't answer, but hides a smile, so he walks closer.

Blushes and looks down.

Looks up. surprised and embarrassed that he found out

He takes her upturned face as a sign to kiss her and he does
She lets him this time.

Then breaks it off

He grimaces.

He quiets her with another kiss Which she breaks off again.

He kisses her again, not letting her end it this time.

STRATFORD HOUSE/BACKYARD - SUNSET

Patrick is at the barbecue grill, flipping burgers. Kat
watches.

ON BIANCA AND CAMERON As they argue on the patio.

Rises to get the yearbook.

Michael pulls her back down for another round ON KAT AND
Bianca hands her the yearbook

Flips to a page.

INSERT - A horrifically nerdy freshman year picture Glasses,
bad hair, headgear -- the works.

She holds up the picture for all to view. Patrick cringes
and throws a handful of pretzels at her.

Kat and Bianca huddle over the picture, giggling -- as we
CRANE UP and hear a GIRLY PUNK version of The Partridge
Family's "I Think I Love You".

FADE OUT:





10 Things I Hate About You
Writers : &nbsp;&nbsp;Karen McCullah Lutz&nbsp;&nbsp;Kirsten Smith&nbsp;&nbsp;William Shakespeare
Genres : &nbsp;&nbsp;Comedy&nbsp;&nbsp;Romance

User Comments





Back to IMSDb















Index
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;|&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
Submit
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;|&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
Links
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;|&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
Link to us
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;|&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
RSS Feeds
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;|&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
Disclaimer
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;|&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
Privacy policy




